Our people found out that Miss Su did have a relationship 5 years ago
I was seriously ill.
But Miss Su's ex-boyfriend
Our people can't find any information.
I suspect it was deliberately erased and cannot be found.
However, according to Miss Su's assistant
Miss Su met the previous two months tonight
It probably is.
To get back together
It's too bad that the newcomer is trapped
The first time I received a partner, I bumped into an old woman who became a saint
What's so bad?
Maybe people are happy
Vice President Chen asked Vice President Chen to take the initiative to ask others out to talk about cooperation
How hard are these people suffering?
What cooperation do you want?
Let's talk in bed
However, Vice President Chen is not simple either
It is said that as long as it is the man he likes
There's a way to do it all, don't say what you're talking about
How is Sunan and that Vice President Chen? What does it have to do with you?
If he can't
Who can force him?